central banks around the world are
engaging in extremely dangerous policies
never done before Uncharted Territory
the repercussions of these actions will
cause unforeseen events governments and
ultimately taxpayers will be on the hook
for the manipulation backlash you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you today we are going to look at a
few charts I want to begin with one that
is so convincing to me
and I wanted to bring that to you to
show you this manipulation here it is
the G3 central bank balance sheet and
the big five tech stocks there is a
complete and direct and obvious
correlation between these two I've shown
you various charts before over the years
that correlate the bank's balance sheet
and the stock market this one is very
specific when you see the big five tech
stocks trading at almost
identical to the G3 central banks look
look at the way especially in recent
times how accurate it has been I mean
this is so telling to me and why is it
just a coincidence well we
know we have all of the documentation
I've brought it to you here on the
channel where you
see the central banks around the
world either publicly admitting or
seeing the data
itself that they are given incentives to
buy
specific assets central banks they print
up the money they get incentives to buy
up different assets and then we see them
publicly admitting that they are
supporting the stock market the bond
market and everything
else it's a fact we know that we don't
see every one of their
transactions and it's not made public
but you just start piecing everything
together and you'll figure it out it's
not too hard look at
this US stocks and the G3
central bank balance sheet it's
basically the same situation sure it's
not exact but come on look at this this
is since the financial crisis until
today look the Federal Reserve may
have stopped at least they claim to have
stopped printing
money and so they say they want to wind
back on the balance sheet but just look
at the G3 and you'll see what's happened
they don't all have to simultaneously
print the money will make its way around
I assure you and this is
just such a
telling
example of exactly what I have been
trying to say for
years now where's the collapse where is
it
well the market already
collapsed it's that the central banks
are
there to support
it if you remove that
crutch this will all come tumbling down
now many people
feel
that they can
simply
just ride the wave and I think it's just
such a dangerous policy not to mention
the fact that many of these corporations
which have risen are part of what I will
call the enemy
forces so that's up to you central bank
balance sheet relative to
GDP
and of course they're making the
claim about where it's heading I don't
know
exactly but just look
look at what has
happened first of all the bank of Japan
and the FED essentially both doing the
same thing printing money around the
same times things have changed in more
recent times but
regardless you
know the way I see it as a simple matter
of fact
GDP is fake to begin with then when we
start looking at this we realize
okay the central banks are
going they have gone haywire and it is
simply getting worse central bank
balance
sheet the reason I wanted to show you
this one was okay the Federal Reserve
may have stopped with their bond buying
perhaps but when you look at it on
average you're seeing something that's
pretty obvious and that's
as a whole they're printing a lot of
money I assure you that's there's no
shortage of
that the G3 central bank balance sheet
here look at this so-called end of qe3
so everyone's saying oh look the central
banks have stopped Printing
and the economy globally is being
restored everything is more sound that
was back in
2014 but
again you look at the G3 as a whole and
you see one thing's very
clear more money printing because the
Federal Reserve isn't doing it they have
to come in and put their fair
share so that's just the way I see it I
hope you do to this is like a carcass
that's sitting there and just pumping
blood in through one
side I
mean it's dead it's dead it's not coming
back something has to happen something
has to give and I'm not even saying that
the Market's going to crash tomorrow or
anything I ultimately see in the end a
hyperinflation that's the way I see it
and people simply want to be in assets
versus digital garbage Fiat and I get
that I'm just very worried about what's
happening because slowly but surely it
seems that all the central banks around
the world are owning everything and that
to me is not a very good thing I I'm
worried about that if you found this
video informative please give me a
thumbs up
and last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative the first book is about
the four asset classes and how to profit
from them and my new book gets into a
lot more of the
self-sufficiency and reducing your
monthly expenses and earning income and
all that so it is uh quite different in
the books although they do cover
uh some of the same topics and if you
want to check out the audiobook for
global economic collapse for those who
are too busy and those who uh aren't
interested in Reading I I did the
audiobook version too so you can get
that at the money gps.com and much more
check out the money gps.com for some
more info take care